README.md, before:

# Backend Engineer in Japan 👋

### Just 20 years old / sei-git-code

### Feel free to contact me anytime!👍

#

![sei-git-code's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sei-git-code&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sei-git-code&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=sei-git-code&theme=algolia)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)

# NOW TRAINING

# My Skill (Programming Languages, Frameworks and Tools)

<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,ts,nextjs,spring,react,flutter,kotlin,swift,js,androidstudio,xcode,mysql,linux,github,vscode,docker,aws,figma,notion,obsidian" /> <br /><br />

**Focus Stack**: Java / TypeScript / Next.js / Spring Boot

※Another skill and tools
HTML, CSS, Kotlin, Swift, JavaScript, Android Studio, Xcode, Obsidian, Figma, Flutter, Linux, Notion, React, Firebase, Docker and so on.

# NOW TRAINING

<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nextjs,ts,java,spring,mysql,docker,vscode,github" /> <br /><br />

<!-- --------------------------------- :) ---------------------------------- -->

<br><br><br>

<div align="center">
    <h1>
        <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44926913/175852850-3fb6c715-1856-41ff-8c1f-94ce3b03b458.gif">・・
        <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44926913/175853109-f8850656-6704-4a8a-bee6-9aca154d929b.gif">・・
        <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44926913/175853154-5449d974-975e-44a6-ab84-a86031265e40.gif">・・・・
        <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44926913/175853109-f8850656-6704-4a8a-bee6-9aca154d929b.gif">・
        <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44926913/175853154-5449d974-975e-44a6-ab84-a86031265e40.gif">・・・・
    </h1>
  </div>
<br><br><br>

Commit message:

Update README.md to reflect a shift in personal branding from Backend Engineer to Full-Stack Engineer, enhancing the description to emphasize continuous learning and growth in engineering skills.

README.md, after:

# Full-Stack Engineer in Japan 👋

### sei-git-code — a lifelong learner who devours books, experiments daily, and is relentlessly focused on growing into a stronger engineer with each project

### Feel free to contact me anytime!👍

#

![sei-git-code's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sei-git-code&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sei-git-code&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=sei-git-code&theme=algolia)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)

# My Skill (Programming Languages, Frameworks and Tools)

<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,ts,nextjs,spring,react,flutter,kotlin,swift,js,androidstudio,xcode,mysql,linux,github,vscode,docker,aws,figma,notion,obsidian" /> <br /><br />

**Focus Stack**: Java / TypeScript / Next.js / Spring Boot

※Another skill and tools
HTML, CSS, Kotlin, Swift, JavaScript, Android Studio, Xcode, Obsidian, Figma, Flutter, Linux, Notion, React, Firebase, Docker and so on.

# NOW TRAINING

<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nextjs,ts,java,spring,mysql,docker,vscode,github" /> <br /><br />

<!-- --------------------------------- :) ---------------------------------- -->

<br><br><br>

<div align="center">
    <h1>
        <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44926913/175852850-3fb6c715-1856-41ff-8c1f-94ce3b03b458.gif">・・
        <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44926913/175853109-f8850656-6704-4a8a-bee6-9aca154d929b.gif">・・
        <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44926913/175853154-5449d974-975e-44a6-ab84-a86031265e40.gif">・・・・
        <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44926913/175853109-f8850656-6704-4a8a-bee6-9aca154d929b.gif">・
        <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44926913/175853154-5449d974-975e-44a6-ab84-a86031265e40.gif">・・・・
    </h1>
  </div>
<br><br><br>
